Update Quickstart README per suggestions from docs (#200)
Azure/azure-kusto-java: quickstart/README.md

## Using the App for the first time

### Prerequisites
1. Set up Java on your machine. For instructions, consult a Java environment setup tutorial, like [this](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_environment_setup.htm).
1. Set up [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/install.html), which is the most popular Java dependency management tool.

### Retrieving the app from GitHub
1. Download the app files from this GitHub repo.
1. Modify the `kusto_sample_config.json` file, changing `KustoUri`, `IngestUri` and `DatabaseName` appropriately for your cluster.

### Retrieving the app from OneClick
1. Open a browser and type your cluster's URL (e.g. https://mycluster.westeurope.kusto.windows.net/). You will be redirected to the _Azure Data Explorer_ Web UI.
1. On the left menu, select **Data**.
1. Click **Generate Sample App Code** and then follow the instructions in the wizard.
1. Download the app as a ZIP file.

> 1. Extract the app source code. **Note**: The configuration parameters defined in the `kusto_sample_config.json` file are preconfigured with the appropriate values for your cluster. Verify that these are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract the app source code.  
**Note**: The configuration parameters defined in the `kusto_sample_config.json` file are preconfigured with the appropriate values for your cluster. Verify that these are correct.

```

### Run the app
1. Open a command line window and navigate to the folder where you extracted the app.
1. Run `mvn clean install` to compile the source code into a binary.
1. Run the binary using `java -jar target\kusto-quickstart-[version]-jar-with-dependencies.jar`.

### Optional changes

> 1. Within the app itself, you can change the default User-Prompt authentication method by editing `authenticationMode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can make the following changes from within the app itself:

1. Change the default User-Prompt authentication method by editing `authenticationMode`.

```

Reviewer: Where/how is this change made?
What are the possible values?

Author: There are several configs that are done in the app code itself. There's always a comment nearby indicating that this item can be changed.
In this case, the values are: UserPrompt, ManagedIdentity, AppKey, AppCertificate

I don't think the intent was to enumerate them all in the README. Do you think that would be better?

> 1. You can also make the app run without stopping between steps by setting `waitForUser = False`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change the app to run without stopping between steps by setting `waitForUser = False`
```

### Troubleshooting

> * If you are having trouble running the app from your IDE, first check if the app runs from the command line, then consult the troubleshooting references of your IDE.

Reviewer: We haven't talked about IDE until now (only Web UI), where did we start using this?

Author: We don't have anything to do with IDEs, but the average user will be using one. Since the intent here is to cater to the most beginner of users who aren't even sure how to set up their environment, we wanted to provide some direction for getting that set up.

Reviewer: I would move this to the run section

Author: I think that line is a helpful troubleshooting idea to someone who tries and fails to get it running in their IDE. I think a troubleshooting section is quite helpful.

Reviewer: Right, but it's out of context as it's placed after the optional settings and away from the run section that it applies to. If you want to retain the heading, which I don't thin is necessary for 1 item, then maybe have it as a subsection of run.

Author: Ah, good point. I moved the Troubleshooting section to be a subsection of Run.

## Using the App for the first time

### Prerequisites
1. Set up Java on your machine. For instructions, consult a Java environment setup tutorial, like [this](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/java/java_environment_setup.htm).
1. Set up [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/install.html), which is the most popular Java dependency management tool.

### Retrieving the app from GitHub
1. Download the app files from this GitHub repo.
1. Modify the `kusto_sample_config.json` file, changing `KustoUri`, `IngestUri` and `DatabaseName` appropriately for your cluster.

### Retrieving the app from OneClick

> 1. Open a browser and type your cluster's URL (e.g. https://mycluster.westeurope.kusto.windows.net/). You will be redirected to the _Azure Data Explorer_ Web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Open a browser and type your cluster's URL (e.g. https://mycluster.westeurope.kusto.windows.net/). You will be redirected to the _Azure Data Explorer_ Web UI.

```

1. On the left menu, select **Data**.
1. Click **Generate Sample App Code** and then follow the instructions in the wizard.
1. Download the app as a ZIP file.
1. Extract the app source code.  
**Note**: The configuration parameters defined in the `kusto_sample_config.json` file are preconfigured with the appropriate values for your cluster. Verify that these are correct.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Run the app

> 1. Open a command line window and navigate to the folder where you extracted the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Open a command line window and navigate to the folder where you extracted the app.
```

1. Run `mvn clean install` to compile the source code into a binary.

> 1. Run the binary using `java -jar target\kusto-quickstart-[version]-jar-with-dependencies.jar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run the binary using `java -jar target\kusto-quickstart-[version]-jar-with-dependencies.jar` or in your IDE.

**NOTE**: If you are having trouble running the app from your IDE, first check if the app runs from the command line, then consult the troubleshooting references of your IDE.
```

Author: I don't think we need to include this. Perhaps surprisingly, it would be **harder** to run this in their IDE than copying and pasting this line. It would be obvious to someone who would prefer to do this in their IDE that they can, though they'd have to set that up (which is out of scope of this README).

Reviewer: So maybe just remove the whole IDE thing, including the troubleshooting step.

### Optional changes

> You can make the following changes from within the app itself:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can make the following changes from within the app itself:
```

> 1. Change the default User-Prompt authentication method by editing `authenticationMode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the default User-Prompt authentication method by editing `authenticationMode`.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 1. Change the app to run without stopping between steps by setting `waitForUser = False`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the app to run without stopping between steps by setting `waitForUser = False`

```

> ### Troubleshooting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * If you are having trouble running the app from your IDE, first check if the app runs from the command line, then consult the troubleshooting references of your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
